
## Graphical Observation Element

In the old version, the graphical design of the website was very blue and was many different hues of blue, since blue is a very relaxing color and when people are meditating, they want to be relaxed. However, I do think that there is too much blue, and not enough contrast, so I changed the graphical design of it so that there is more contrast, and the website can be more accessible. Additionally, I used a font that was sans serif for the title "Breethe" in the old version because it would be less rigid and more free-flowing, as one wants to feel when they meditate. I also tried to make the buttons have rounder edges to make it seem more relaxed, as well. After taking in user feedback which said that the colors were not working well, the fonts were not working, the organization had to better and the boxes for the meditation had to be bigger, I started making some changes to the graphical design by changing the font of the title to Pacifico, which has a very beachy and free-flowing vibe to it, as meditation should be very grounding and free-flowing. Additionally, I changed my color scheme to include different types of blues that resemble the colors of the sky and ocean, and a deep green that resembles the greenery you may find in mountains. I chose these colors because they are very earthy, and give an earthy feel to the website, which would make the user feel more grounded and connected to the earth and nature, which is known to improve mental health and bring a sense of calm to people. Lastly, I chose the font of the text for the rest of the website because it was also sans serif, but more rounded than other fonts, which once again, gave it the feeling of being free-flowing. Additionally, I made the boxes for the meditation thumbnails better and I created a menu bar to better organize all the different tabs/screens of the website.
