##Description of project

For this project, I decided that the three features that I would be implementing are features that allow you to add labels/tags to meditations, a filter/sort button and a search bar. My user research showed that I need to make the Breethe website more minimalist, and the three personas I used were a yoga teacher, a product manager working in corporate and a retired veteran. 

##Reflection

The process went fairly smoothly for me since it was very clear how the flow would work when navigating through the website. I didm, however, have some confusion on how to go about conducting it, since there are many features of the app that are not there but should be to make it a user-friendly app that I decided to add in and I wasn't sure if this was allowed. Additionally, I found that there were many different possibilities for how the flow could have gone and I was not sure how many of those possibilities to put in or how to insert them into the wireflow, and what features and other things I needed to account for. 

When I was conducting my person testing, it was clear that my friend was confused on how to navigate the app and where to click to begin with, and so they were jumping between the flow and I had to guide them back, which I was not sure if I was allowed to do. From this testing however, I realized that there needs to be more options or just content on the page with the labels, since my friend commented that it looked very empty and odd, and there was also no clear way to exit that page. Additionally, the use of a color wheel instead of just straight color options was confusing to her. However, with the feature that had the filter, my friend followed along well and had no issues completing the task or with the feature itself. Lastly, with the search bar, my friend was very clearly confused with the search bar within the search results that did a more advanced search, since most people should be able to just use both keywords in their initial search to get the job done. Therefore, this feedback led me to believe that I should remove the search within the search results. 
